# New ART Anthology #
Which one resonated with me:386DX

386DX is the world's first cyberpunk band, that is, a band that uses a PC as a performer. They performed on the streets by playing the built-in music of this old computer, even across multiple countries. Its unique appearance, mechanical core and hoarse sound card are its unique performance style. The identity of the computer and the user is reversed, the user becomes an auxiliary member, and the computer becomes the main performer. This is a cross-era idea.

It was so interesting. The band's performer first caught my attention, it was a Windows 3.1 PC, which is unheard of. The computer has changed from a music storage to a performer, and can also go on tour. This is a very cute idea. Putting a computer on the side of the road and playing like a street performer. This might reflect its antiquity, as computer-recorded music may not have been popular at that time. This reminds me that in the era I experienced, that is, today, everything live is more expensive than recorded. For example, you don't need to pay to listen to music online, but you have to pay a high ticket price to go to a concert. This PC breaks the balance between the two. As a computer that can only play recorded music, it completed the performance of this cyber band in a live way, giving people a feeling of performance art. Moreover, the live performer's waist is not an electronic piano, but a keyboard, which is retro and trendy, adding a new color to the stereotyped computer, reminding me of the performers who played music with the calculator's sound effect. At the same time, because of the fault of the sound card, the hoarse sound brings a sense of sadness, and the honesty of the retro model, gives people a feeling of being amused and helpless, like tossing an old man.
